[Music]
to take the cup holder on the loose
take pine decking profile
what's going on y'all it's your boy rob
here square wheels auto just a quick one
to talk about the installation of the au
car mark 6. a lot of you guys are
starting to get your packages in the
mail pre-orders are wrapping up so all
those final orders from june and july
are now getting fulfilled and as soon as
they're fulfilled uh delivery time is
going to go back to the normal
so these are shipped out through dhl
express and usually they'll take between
five and ten days for your doorbell to
ring with a new mark six at your door so
as you guys are opening up your kits
those of you who have come from the mark
v probably noticed that the backs of the
screens
and the wiring kits are largely the same
what this means is that you can follow
my other video and i'll link it down in
the description uh wherever that is and
that'll get you through ninety percent
of the aucar mark six install so i won't
walk you through everything end to end
all over again unboxing and all that you
can watch that other video and that'll
get you 90 there before you go you need
to know that there's three differences
between the au car mark six installation
and the old au car mark five
installation one gps so if your vehicle
has gps and you let us know when you
ordered the mark 6 would have been
shipped with a gps adapter and that will
use your oem antennas instead of the gps
that comes with the mark 6 standard
the second thing is the mark 6 comes
with a 4g sim card holder and two 4g
antennas
and then the last thing
is the mark 6 no longer comes with
the rca outputs for your audio
and the reason behind that is because it
is a little deceiving right when you
hook that up and then you hook it up to
your amplifier it's an unprocessed
signal which means that there's no
volume control for it um so if you have
like an external volume control for your
subwoofer or for your speakers if you
got like a sound processor or anything
like that and you still want the rca
adapters just shoot me a text when you
order and i'll make sure one is included
in your package so
i'm going to talk you through those two
differences one the gps if you have a
gps
and two the 4g sim card holder in this
video and it should just take a couple
minutes so sit tight
okay first things first let's talk about
the 4g sim card holder
so that's gonna be a little rectangular
uh shape thing that'll hold the sim card
and it's got like about a four or five
foot long wire with a plastic connector
on the end that plastic connector will
go into the back of the mark 6
in
this spot right here there's really only
one place where it can plug in this is
the spot that you want to plug it into
now the other end you're going to want
to route somewhere accessible just in
case you're going to want to change your
sim card out you know somewhat
periodically what i did was ran it right
down the front of the mark 6 on the left
hand side and i tucked it under the trim
so if i ever
want to
you know change the sim card out i can
pull it out
and
access it
but whenever i'm not using it i can tuck
it up and only i know that it's there
that's it
now the unit will also come with two 4g
antennas and what i did was
route them
left and right under the
driver and passenger dashboard and then
i just put them in these kind of side
compartments i'll show you in the in the
video
um
a you car has like a different
recommendation but i found that the
wires weren't quite long enough so i
just tucked them on either side here
you can either put them in the a-pillars
or you can put them on either side i
haven't had any issues with
signal strength i play videos i play
youtube all on that 4g connection
through boost mobile and i also tested
it with att both work great
um so
your mileage may vary now the other side
of those 4g antennas just plug into
either of those screw tips they're cut
too side by side
i don't think either one matters it's
both the same stuff inside you just want
to make sure that they're both connected
and they both ideally have a view of the
sky
the other thing you need to know about
is the gps adapter now this is going to
be a little tricky for me to talk
through because i don't have oem gps on
my car but my understanding is that once
you remove the fascia
and you don't have the screen installed
the navigation unit sits right
underneath the top screen and what
you're going to need to do is pull that
out
and
behind that top screen you'll see a
connector for
the oem gps antenna
and that's where the adapter is going to
go in so
you are going to unplug that adapter
you're going to plug one
side of the
included piggyback adapter
from a you car and then you're going to
plug the piggyback adapter into the back
of the navigation unit
then there's going to be another kind of
longer end of that adapter that's what
you're going to plug into the back of
the
mark 6
and that's going to be that same screw
connector that you plug into the gps
spot on the au car mark 6. that's it so
that'll give your mark 6 access to the
oem gps antenna and then it'll also
give your oem navigation if you ever
want to use that garbage you you still
have access to it
that's it i hope all that made sense if
there's any comments any questions any
concerns anything that i didn't make
clear obviously let me know in the
comments down below or if you purchase
from me feel free to hit me by text or
by email i try to be pretty accessible
y'all enjoy these mark sixes they are
awesome devices i am loving using mine
stay tuned because i am doing that other
video for the
4g setup for whatever carrier that
you've got so stay tuned for that coming
soon